#summary How can I help to Glossword?
#labels FAQ,eng

=== How can I help to Glossword? ===

 * You could make a translation for Glossword interface and (as desirable) to support translation in future.

 * Glossword needs an advertiser who can help Glossword with promotion on web and in scientific environment.

 * Send donations (details below).

 Glossword is freeware, but it needs your financial support in order to be the modern dictionary management software. Your donation will go to help the developer keep up the Glossword growth. Author needs in regular payments for internet access, rental fees, clothes, and food.

 Donators have higher priority for support and receive quicker resolution for any issues related to Glossword usage.


=== How to donate ===

 * Use [http://www.wmtransfer.com/ WebMoney Transfer]. WMZ: `Z241028126563`.

 * Use [http://money.yandex.ru/ Yandex.Money]. Wallet: `41001147962081`.

 * Use [http://ikobo.com/ iKobo.com] money transfers. It has very low tax rates. Account ID: `SD291549RU`.

 After registration at [http://ikobo.com/ iKobo.com], select "Add A New Funding Source", fill the form, then "Add Recipients", where you will be asked to enter `SD291549RU`.

 * Use Western Union. To send money, [http://www.westernunion.com/info/agentLocatorLookup.asp find the nearest Western Union department] located in your city.
 {{{
      Receiver
      First name: Nickolay Vladimirovich
      Last name: Shilnikov
      Town/City: Noginsk, Moscow region
      Country: Russian Federation
}}}
 To get the money, I need to know from you:
 {{{
      Sender
      First name:
      Last name:
      Town/City:
      Country:
      MTCN:
      Amount sent (USD):
}}}
Using donation you may order specific options for your Glossword installation like "copyright removal" and more components. Please contact for more details.

No I don't have an account at !PayPal for several reasons. 

[http://www.wmtransfer.com/eng/cooperation/exchange/onlinexchange/index.shtml Online E-Currency Exchange]
