#summary Glossword Lifecycle Policy
#labels eng

== Glossword Lifecycle Policy ==

=== Introduction ===

The Glossword Lifecycle Policy provides guidelines and timeframes of support available for the software from when the product is General Availability (GA) for download to the time the product is no longer supported (End of Support, EOS). Glossword users can use this document to plan upgrade paths.

Since 1st May 2008, there are two support policies: Standard Support Lifecycle Policy and Enhanced Support Lifecycle Policy.

=== Standard Support Lifecycle Policy ===

There is *"3 versions"* rule which applies to the timeframe. The support is provided for the current and *three* previously released versions. See Lifecycle Calendar below.

=== Enhanced Support Lifecycle Policy ===

The timeframe includes Standard Support Lifecycle Policy timeframe plus *three* previously released versions. See Lifecycle Calendar below.

Customers with support needs beyond the Enhanced Lifecycle timeframe can negotiate custom agreements.

=== Lifecycle Calendar === 

|| Glossword version || Release Date || Standard Support End || Enhanced Support End ||
|| *1.8.11* || 2008-08-18 || 1.8.15 release date || 1.8.18 release date ||
|| || || || ||
|| 1.8.10 || 2008-07-13 || 1.8.14 release date || 1.8.17 release date ||
|| 1.8.9 || 2008-05-07 || 1.8.13 release date || 1.8.16 release date ||
|| 1.8.8 || 2008-04-30 || 1.8.12 release date || 1.8.15 release date ||
|| || || || ||
|| 1.8.7 || 2008-04-09 || *2008-08-18* || 1.8.14 release date ||
|| 1.8.6 || 2007-12-05 || 2008-07-13 || 1.8.13 release date ||
|| 1.8.5 || 2007-09-21 || 2008-05-07 || 1.8.12 release date ||
|| || || || ||
|| 1.8.4 || 2007-08-23 || 2008-04-30 || *2008-08-18* ||
|| 1.8.3 || 2007-06-21 || 2008-04-09 || 2008-07-13 ||
|| 1.8.2 || 2007-05-31 || 2007-12-05 || 2008-05-07 ||


`*` _All dates are in YYYY-MM-DD format._

Example: You have Glossword version 1.8.7. Standard Support is valid since April 4, 2008 till Augist 18, 2008.

----
_Notes:_
     * Developer reserves the right to limit or terminate Standard or Enhanced Lifecycle support of its product used on unsupported configurations (where the Platform or Hardware or Operating System has been retired/obsoleted by the vendor).

     * Developer reserves the right to make further changes in this document at any time without a notice.



:[KB1642090376 Release dates] [KB4020076961eng The list of changes] [KB897558307eng The list of changes, archive] [TODO Things to do]