#summary The list of changes
#labels eng,Featured

== The list of changes in Glossword ==

=== Changes in 1.9.3 (released on April 6, 2010) ===

 * Added a custom alphabetic orders http://twitpic.com/1cgimz
 * Added a new column "Locale" on the Management interface languages page.
 * Added configurable placement for alphabetic toolbar http://twitpic.com/1dd26m
 * Added Import/Export for a custom alphabetic orders
 * Added more options to Import Terms http://twitpic.com/1bel6j
 * Added the ability to import from a remote source http://twitpic.com/1ap1gp
 * Added the selection of languages to a quick HTML-form.
 * Better animation for unfolding elements of html-forms
 * Fixed a visual bug for unfolding elements of html-forms
 * Fixed PHP-warning for class.template3.ext.php
 * Fixes for complete/incomplete Term mark.
 * Fixes for Editing system settings HTML-form.
 * Fixes for the links with the selection of sorting order.
 * Fixes for the list of languages in Localization.


=== Changes in 1.9.2 (released on March 23, 2010) ===

 * A special characters joined with an alphabetic toolbar
 * Added Import/Export for a Translation Variants 
 * Added Interface Languages Manager with Import/Export support. http://twitpic.com/19eqt2 http://twitpic.com/19er9a 
 * Added Localization Tool (Languages, Translation variants, Installed translations) http://twitpic.com/1a8ju5 http://twitpic.com/1a8jyl
 * Added option "Place the link to term" http://twitpic.com/1acnca 
 * Fixed a bug in the CSV-import (`Read the first line` enabled) 
 * Fixed a bug in the navigation of sorted terms. 
 * Fixed bug with displaying a few special characters in html-tag title. 
 * Solution to bypass MySQL stopwords (without editing `ft_stopword_file`) were found. 

=== Changes in 1.9.1 (released on March 15, 2010) ===

 * Added Russian translation
 * Added Other XML-format to Import. You may import RSS, Atom, whatever. http://twitpic.com/18mfsq http://twitpic.com/18mfyc
 * Added a search form to dictionary pages (José Marcos)
 * Added sorting order when managing terms http://tinypic.com/r/2rqk0eb/5
 * Updated System settings page - more phrases, more settings. http://tinypic.com/r/174v83/5
 * Added sef-modes for links creation. http://bit.ly/dl10Eh http://bit.ly/d7h6HU
 * Added caching for the list of terms, for block with prev/next terms, and for all html-output in general.
 * Added groups for alphabetic order.
 * Fixed issues with displaying Recently updated terms.
 * A quick form to add a term placed to Control panel home
 * Fixes for unexpected input for XML-import.
 * Fixed incorrect column ordering for CSV-import when a custom column number has been used.
 * A transitional redirect removed for User settings, System settings, Repair / optimize. Less redirects is better.

=== Changes in 1.8.12 (not yet released) ===

bug fixes

    * fixed error with installation into root (Issue #88) (jeefuu).


:[KB1642090376 Release dates] [KB897558307eng The list of changes, archive] [KB3152042159eng Glossword Lifecycle Policy] [TODO Things to do]