#summary Commercial Licenses
#labels eng

Commercial Licenses offer a flexible way to use Glossword in commercial purposes. Commercial Licenses are not required for personal or commercial use if you wish to use Glossword in a standard manner and will be leaving the copyright notices and links visible on all pages of your glossary. Any non-standard use, including removal of the copyrights, requires a license.

=== Commercial License - Closed Distribution License - CDL, Single Site ===

*License Terms:*

  * One License = One Domain. You may install and use ONE copy of Glossword for any given .com, .net, .org etc. domain.

  * You may change the style of the layout including the replacement of any Glossword logos and images with your or your company's own.

  * You may remove any or all browser-visible references to Glossword in the source code. 

  * You may edit and modify the source code to suit your needs without written permission from the authors of Glossword.

  * You may not re-distribute, re-sell, or take credit for any of the Glossword source code under any circumstances.

  * You will need to have for each installation a modified source code (provided by developer).

Price: *300 Euro*

*Volume discounts:*

 * 5 sites licenses 1,000 Euro (€200/each)
 * 10 sites licenses 1,500 Euro (€150/each)
 * 50 sites licenses 4,000 Euro (€80/each)


=== Commercial License - Closed Distribution License - CDL, Unlimited Sites ===

*License Terms:*

  * One License = Unlimited Domains. You may install and use UNLIMITED copies of Glossword for any given .com, .net, .org etc. domain.

  * You may change the style of the layout including the replacement of any Glossword logos and images with your or your company's own.

  * You may remove any or all browser-visible references to Glossword in the source code. 

  * You may edit and modify the source code to suit your needs without written permission from the authors of Glossword.

  * You may use Glossword, stripped of its branding, within your own distributable product or on multiple domains (including sub domains) or as a service to your users if you are a web hosting company.

  * You may distribute Glossword as integrating part of your software product.

  * You will need to have for each installation a modified source code (provided by developer).

Price: *2,000 Euro*

A custom agreements are possible.

You can update the Single Site License to Unlimited Sites License for *1,700 Euro*.