#summary Things to do
#labels Phase-Design,eng

The list of features:
 * 1.8.x Add report to search history "most wanted but not found" (d.priskorn).
 * 1.8.x Import terms as non-published (d.priskorn).
 * 1.8.x An option to exclude identical terms on merging (d.priskorn).
 * 1.8.x Implementation of new interface translation engine.
 * 1.8.x The ability to export just one or several custom pages at a time.
 * 1.8.x Random term.
 * 1.8.x The ability to include images in the definition (partially done).
 * 1.8.x The ability to include audio in the definition (partially done).

 * 1.9.x Topics inside dictionaries (also called as "tags", "subdictionaries")
 * 1.9.x Bibliography.
 * 1.9.x RSS capability.
 * 1.9.x Search engine API.
 * 1.9.x Social bookmarking.
 * 1.9.x Support for MySQLi.

Application design:

 * Extend User management.
 * Create a "normal" HTML-editor.
 * Add RSS for almost any updated data.
 * Add support for MySQLi, PostreSQL, MSSQL.
 * Remove "Clean cache" from interface. All caching schemes should be transparent.
 * Implement the complete [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unicode_normalization Unicode normalization] (partially created for 1.9.x, 28.833 transformation rules).
 * Replace the text of database queries with dynamically created queries. Use [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_record_pattern ActiveRecord], for example.
 * Get rid of XML in stored data. All dictionary entries should be stored as database relations. Better if it would be InnoDB.

[http://wwwguru.net/glossword/demo/index.php/viewpage/Feedback.xhtml Other suggestions are welcome]. 